Question 1
If two computers on the same network had the same (public) IP address, what would happen if a packet arrived from the Internet?
Only one of the computers will get the packet, depending on what the final router has for a hardware address in its ARP table.
 
Question 2
What would happen if two computers on different networks had the same IP address?
Only one computer will receive the packet, depending on the network defined by the IP layer's destination address.
 
Question 3
What would happen if two computers on the same network had the same Ethernet address?
Neither computer would be able to communicate.
 
Question 4
What would happen if two computers on different networks had the same Ethernet address?
Nothing of interest happens.
 

Question 5
Network Address

What:
Address used to distinguish a network that has its own hosts and addresses
How/Who:
Internet Service Provider

Question 6
Port Number

What:
Address of a network-based application running on a computer
How/Who:
Application Configuration

Question 7
Host Name Address

What:
Address used as a unique identifier for a computer or server
How/Who:
Registration Authorities

Question 8
Static IP Address

What:
Address that is a part of the system configuration
How/Who:
System Admin


Question 9

A freeform packet header is often faster to parse than a fixed packet type header because its flexibility allows for more complex protocols.
  False

Correct. With fixed-length headers (as opposed to freeform), the processing of packets can be sped up because a layer can examine any part of the header independent of the other parts; freeform headers do allow for more complex protocols (see pp. 35-36 in your textbook).
 
Question 10
Since proprietary protocols are closed-source and subject to internal reviews, these protocols are more secure and act as a deterrent to an attacker.
  False

Correct. Although proprietary protocols are indeed closed-source, which makes viewing thesource code harder, attackers often reverse engineer such protocols in a short amount of time. This means closed-source protocols do not deter attackers (see page 23 in your textbook).
 
